well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
record-breaking number
of illegals coming into the united
states
with the wall being a hot topic and
especially with that gofundme
we need to talk about it now there is no
statistic on the number of illegals that
come into the country
doesn't exist doesn't exist because if
they made it we don't know
so what border patrol has used for
decades as a gauge is
uh the number of border apprehensions
the number of people they catch and they
kind of extrapolate from that
now there's a flaw in the methodology
like if you're comparing numbers from
today to 40 years ago
i mean obviously there's more technology
today it's easier to catch them today
they're catching a higher percentage
today
but let's just set that aside let's
forget about that for a second
because the uh
the numbers are at a 40-year low
there are very few historically speaking
there are very few people coming across
that southern border
it's crazy
and i know right now somebody is saying
well
that just shows that trumps get tough on
illegal
immigrants that that policy is working
and that might be true
if the numbers haven't been relatively
the same
for the last i don't know eight years
and right now there's somebody going
well why why would he campaign on it
then
to scare you and it worked
fear-mongering because this country and
this is why
we have fewer people coming here because
we are no longer a beacon of freedom
we are no longer the independent people
the critical thinkers that we once were
we are people who elect rulers instead
of leaders
we are going to spend five billion
dollars
to address a problem that doesn't exist
it's crazy right and because the
government
won't come up with the money to do it
you've got people
raising the money on gofundme and this
also leads to why people aren't coming
here anymore
we don't critically think all of these
patriots have never taken a civics
course
so you're going to give the government
money and they're going to do what you
want
okay well see i think that undue
influence
on these politicians i think that's
worrisome so i'm gonna start my own
gofundme
and we're gonna donate the money to the
irs and we're gonna have everybody who
donated to the wall gofundme audited
well you can't do that you're right
under the system of government we have
we can't do that you also can't give the
money
to the government to have them do
something for you it still has to go
through congress
the fact that you're trying is pretty
scary for two reasons it shows one you
don't know how the government works
and two there's actually a word
for the blending of private business
interests
and the government it's called fascism
fascism doesn't actually mean
what it gets used as in internet debates
it doesn't actually mean oh somebody was
violent
or somebody said something mean that's
not what fascism is
it's a real thing it is a real thing it
doesn't just mean government by violence
all governments ruled by violence
fascism was very specific everything in
the state
it's pretty terrifying so you wonder why
people call you a fascist
that's probably why but moving on
let's say because we need to address
something else about the wall
we're going to pretend for a moment
that
the country on the other side of this
wall is not ruled
and heavily dominated by a criminal
enterprise that loves to build
tunnels okay we're gonna forget about
that we're gonna pretend that ladders
and ropes don't exist
we're gonna forget about the fact that
every immigration and smuggling expert
that has ever talked about it said the
wall won't work
we're going to forget about all of this
we're going to pretend
that the wall will work and it's going
to stop people
okay now right now
a uh a coyote to get you over a good one
it's about 1500 bucks one that's gonna
get you to where you're going
now i know everybody saw that
expose i'm sure that said that it's
between four and ten thousand dollars
that's for a child that is for a child
most most smugglers actually won't move
anybody under 18.
it changes the entire game and yeah you
can get some ranchero
to run you across the border when he
gets off work for 500 bucks but you're
probably not gonna get where you're
going fifteen hundred dollars
is about what it's going to cost you
so the wall's up it works okay
pretending it works so what do those
smugglers do now
they close up shop right of course not
they team up with the cartel see it's
already more dangerous
but they team up with the cartel why
because
the cartel dominates that country they
certainly have
contacts in the passport office
so for about a thousand bucks you get
a mexican birth certificate driver's
license and passport
and right now everybody's like what's
that going to do they still got to get a
visa to come here
they can't get over that wall
they're not coming here they're going to
canada they're going to go to montreal
or ottawa it's going to cost them 300
for the plane ticket one way and then uh
seven bucks
for the eta that's the electronic travel
authorization
so thirteen hundred and seven dollars
and then they just
walk across the border into the us
see mexico has visa free travel with
canada
that open borders thing that so many
people are scared of
so the wall assuming it works
will actually pump more money into a
criminal cartel
that is destabilizing our next-door
neighbor
one of our biggest trading partners and
make it cheaper
to get here illegally
man didn't really think that one through
did you
so
there is no situation in which the wall
will function
the way the government is telling you
well just like
the idea that we need the wall when
we're at a 40-year low
isn't true either
nobody in dc is going
to look out for you this isn't
they don't care and they use anything to
scare you and because nobody wants to
think critically because we're all
have become so caught up in this
partisan politics
the red and the blue the donkey and the
elephant
that nobody thinks critically how many
people right now
terrified of ms-13 coming to the united
states
probably the same number of people that
don't know it was started in the united
states
they've got you terrified of this
foreign gang right
started california it's been here
has been for a very very long time
it's nothing new it's just that
this particular group of politicians is
using it to scare you
it's all it is and because of that
you're willing to to give
money that's left over from them taxing
you
to them to build a wall
that won't work will hurt the economy
make it cheaper for the people to get
here fund the gangs
the criminal enterprises and destabilize
one of our neighbors because that always
works so well
destabilizing these countries that's why
most these people are trying to still
come here
because they're certainly not coming
here for an education
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night